FIxed quarkus-arc not present in the getting started application pom (#1651)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/getting-started-guide.adoc

</build>
----

> If we focus on the dependencies section, you can see one of the 2 extensions allowing the development of REST applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we focus on the dependencies section, you can see the extension allowing the development of REST applications:
```

[source,xml]
----
    <dependency>
        <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
        <artifactId>quarkus-resteasy</artifactId>
    </dependency>
----

The other one is the `quarkus-arc` brought by the `quarkus-bom` POM dependency imported in the project.

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be better to introduce ArC later, when we are introducing the service. Typically in this paragraph: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/1651/files#diff-675231b187331ca14a503802fab8a51bR198 .

It's not brought by the bom but it is a dependency of `quarkus-resteasy`.

Author: @gsmet is it better now?
